<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" standalone="no"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
"http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <head>
    <title>Epigraph</title>
    <link href="../Styles/style.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" />
  </head>
  <body>
    
    <div id="purpose" class="delete-me">
      <h3>Epigraph</h3>
      <p><strong>Purpose:</strong> <em>A phrase, quotation, or poem that is set at the beginning of a document or component. The epigraph may serve as a preface, as a summary, as a counter-example, or to link the work to a wider literary canon, either to invite comparison or to enlist a conventional context.</em></p>
      <p><strong>Source:</strong> Wikipedia: <a href="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Epigraph_(literature)">http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Epigraph_(literature)</a></p>
    </div>

    <div id="epigraph" class="frontmatter" xml:lang="en-US">

      <blockquote>
        <p class="quote">
          [Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. Aenean eu massa libero, vel pretium ipsum. Donec sodales, lacus nec auctor fringilla, urna turpis semper orci, id aliquet eros elit at lorem. Cras at sapien vel arcu pharetra condimentum. Nulla ultrices suscipit nisl, vitae varius orci imperdiet at. Morbi at metus]
        </p>
        <p class="author">&mdash;[WORK], [AUTHOR]</p>
      </blockquote>
      
      <blockquote>
        <p class="quote">
          [Proin nec enim enim, et ultricies massa. Curabitur libero velit, malesuada at luctus quis, ultricies in risus. Nunc vulputate faucibus luctus. Phasellus pharetra commodo pulvinar. Maecenas ullamcorper dui sit amet nunc molestie non volutpat justo varius. Donec et erat at enim vestibulum viverra vitae eget massa. Vivamus congue consequat risus.]
        </p>
        <p class="author">&mdash;[AUTHOR], [DATE]</p>
      </blockquote>
      
    </div>
  </body>
</html>
